update File-System-Access (#29824)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/window/showdirectorypicker/index.md

### Exceptions

- `AbortError` {{domxref("DOMException")}}
  - : Thrown if the user dismisses the prompt without making a selection,

>     or if the user agent deems the selected directionary to be too sensitive or dangerous,
>     or if the {{domxref('PermissionStatus.state')}} for the selected directionary is not `'granted'` in the specfied `mode`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    or if the user agent deems the selected directory to be too sensitive or dangerous,
    or if the {{domxref('PermissionStatus.state')}} for the selected directory is not `"granted"` in the specified `mode`.
```
